So this is it, you now finish that course.
Congratulations,
well done
and now you know what Power BI is, right? You know how to use the desktop application, how to work
with queries, how to delete rows, how to work on columns, how to append and merge queries and a lot more.
You also know how to create your data model, what relationships are and you know what the DAX language is.
Additionally, you know how to create visualizations and how those visualizations interact with each
other.
You also know the Power BI service application, you know how to share your data, how to collaborate
in your projects and you also know how to access your data from mobile devices using the Power BI
mobile app.
You also know how to connect Power BI to the different data sources,
csv files and databases for instance and if the visualizations Power BI has are not sufficient
for you, you know how to create your own with the Power BI developer tools.
Now I can only encourage you to keep building up on that knowledge, build your own data models, create
your own visualizations, work in Power BI service and become a real Power BI expert.
The only thing I can do right now is to say thank you, thank you for being my student,
it was a pleasure to be your instructor.
I hope you learned a lot in that course and I also hope you enjoyed the course.
So hope to see you in other courses,
thanks a lot again and bye-bye.